Blog post about how OpenEverest works (#4)
openeverest/openeverest.github.io: content/blog/how-openeverest-works/index.md

![OpenEverest API Server](openeverest-api-server.png)

## OpenEverest CLI

The OpenEverest CLI is used to perform Kubernetes administrative tasks such as user account management, RBAC, and namespace management. It also provisions and upgrades OpenEverest.

```bash
$ bin/everestctl
CLI for managing Percona Everest

Usage:
  everestctl [command]

Available Commands:
  accounts    Manage Everest accounts
  completion  Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
  help        Help about any command
  install     Install Percona Everest using Helm
  namespaces  Manage Everest database namespaces
  settings    Configure Everest settings
  uninstall   Uninstall Percona Everest
  upgrade     Upgrade Percona Everest using Helm
  version     Print Everest components version info

Flags:
  -h, --help                help for everestctl
      --json                Set output type to JSON
  -k, --kubeconfig string   Path to a kubeconfig. If not set, will use KUBECONFIG env var (default "~/.kube/config")
  -v, --verbose             Enable Verbose mode

Use "everestctl [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

## OpenEverest Operator

> The [OpenEverest Operator](https://github.com/percona/everest-operator) is a Kubernetes operator that manages database deployments and operations. OpenEverest delegates to individual Kubernetes database operators [percona-xtradb-cluster-operator](https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator), [percona-server-mongodb-operator](https://github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator), and [percona-postgresql-operator](https://github.com/percona/percona-postgresql-operator) for managing their databases. The operator pattern abstracts complexity by introducing specific custom resources.

Author: Noted, would it be sufficient to let the redirect handle?

> All links to the previous repository location are automatically redirected to the new location. When you use git clone, git fetch, or git push on a transferred repository, these commands will redirect to the new repository location or URL.

https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/transferring-a-repository

> For example, for PostgreSQL, there may be three custom resources: one for the PostgreSQL cluster (describing scaling and configuration), one for backups, and one for restores. The OpenEverest Operator allows users to use a single schema to deploy different databases. An example of the OpenEverest Operator flow for PostgreSQL is shown below.

Reviewer: While nothing here is technically wrong I think that the way the message is delivered could be improved to clearly convey the benefit of a single CRD for multiple technologies.
Here's a suggestion but feel free to change it to something else if you feel otherwise:

```suggestion
The [OpenEverest Operator](https://github.com/percona/everest-operator) streamlines deployments by introducing a generic interface that works across different database technologies. Users define their requirements using the DatabaseCluster, DatabaseClusterBackup, and DatabaseClusterRestore resources, regardless of whether they are deploying MySQL, MongoDB, or PostgreSQL.

Behind the scenes, OpenEverest translates these generic requests into the specific formats required by the individual Kubernetes database operators: [percona-xtradb-cluster-operator](https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator), [percona-server-mongodb-operator](https://github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator), and [percona-postgresql-operator](https://github.com/percona/percona-postgresql-operator). This pattern allows users to master one set of CRDs while the operator manages the complexity of the specific engines. An example of the OpenEverest Operator flow for PostgreSQL is shown below.
```
